
1. CSS Layout: Layout is desined by HTML and CSS
	Using Float for now. Grid and Flex will learn during bootstrap
	
2. Create a header division.
	assign class and apply properties background color to view and must have to give heigth or content to show on page.
	width 100% will automatically take as block level element. Width only applicable if want to minimize the width
	height versus min-height: 
		1. if height not set, it automatically take as content required
		2. If heigth set lower than content required space then background will show only as setted heigh even if content require more. Use of height is not profesional.
		3. minimum-height will always show a background as minimum height set but atomatically increase as content required. If we want to height then minimum-height is best... mostly avaoid any height
		4. maximum-height will allow only upto a setted height

3. Wrappe concept: 	used when two div want to place same line. also known as container. We have to assign main and side division under wrapper division
4. Assign background color in both side and main to understand
5. Assign width to body 70% and side as 25%. we have to some space form 100%. Becauseit will make some problem during taking space... after complete we can fill the gap by resizing width.
6. Both division will show as width assign. Now we have apply float to both as float:left for main and float:right for side_box to set them in same line
7. Now a problem will arise, that next content will go in that 5% gap. So we have to use any of those option
	1. overflow: hidden in immidiate paranet class. Best option, becasue it will use full area of this division. and clear option will only restict next element go up.
	2. clear:both/left/right kit can be used in immidiate nex div to not use that gap.
		i. clear: left will slove only left side
		ii. clear: right will slove only right side
		iii. clear: both will slove only both side
8. For more than two content in same line we have to use float:left in all content
9. <b>(only bold) and <strong>(blod and importance) looks similar but there are some differene in bowser and SEO. 
10. <i> and <em> also same.
11. iframe: (inline element) used to show external wesite element or full external website on a page. It's depends on external website permission. Youtube has permission to use youtube go to share and copy embed code.
12. Google map integration: Go to Google map > mark a place > Share place > Embed amp > Copy iframe code > Paste in your html.





HW: HTML home to 


